Good morning.
Hey, Sarah, good morning.
And what that good one?
Yes.
Yeah, good evening, Saurav. Good morning, Srikar.
Surej.
How was your guys' Deepak?
It was good. Nothing much relaxing at home.
How about, how about you?
Oh, great. Same. I have a trip coming up, so we were kind of planning out for that trip this weekend, but yeah, mostly at home.
No, that's.
Nice.
Yeah, hi Colin. Good morning.
Hey everyone, good morning, good evening.
Good morning, Colin.
Hey, Colin, good morning.
I think for Vaishali, yep, she's here. There we go. I just got off with her.
Yeah.
How's everyone doing today?
Great.
Yeah.
So, I think you know a couple of quick things, and then we can get started. So, I do need from both Namita and from Srikar. So, I think Srikar, you did make your Bay One account on GitHub, is that right?
I missed.
Just got it, yeah, I did.
And then let me make sure that I've added you in. And then Namita, have you created your Bay 1 GitHub as well?
No, no Colin, I haven't created P1 GitHub. I can do it today. Yes, I can do it.
Okay, can you do that now?
All right, so because that way, because I won't be able to talk about something important today until we have that, which is to, you know, actually start assigning items on the to-do list. I need everyone.
on GitHub so I can add you to that team so we can start getting some items assigned on GitHub.
Okay.
Now, I'm still going to assign them to everyone, but we'll go and do the deep dive for that tomorrow once everyone has some access and I can confirm. That is going to be, like I said the last time, where I'll be assigning the project level tasks for the week. They're not GitHub tasks directly. They're not things that we submit PRs for.
It's just like a running to-do list of what we want to accomplish that week, that I can assign individual tasks to people rather than putting it as action items or in a Team chat. So GitHub, we're all used to it, we're all developers, so it'll be easier in that sense.
Yeah.
Okay.
So.
Once we have that, I'll assign some specific things. I think we already have a good understanding of what we're doing, which is why I'm not super worried about that for today itself. We'll cover it tomorrow. But I thought, you know, let's start out today. Let's just talk about, you know, the last meeting with Srinivas. There was some good new information that came out of it, some decisions that came out of it.
Um...
And then we can start to talk about what our plan is for work for this week as well.
So a couple of easy items that came. Number one is to make sure that everyone today requests access. Everyone, I should say, except for Vaishali. So Vaishali, don't worry. You're still waiting on hardware, so just ignore this part. But everyone with Cisco hardware, you should go onto their appstore.cisco.com.
and request access to both codecs as well as GitHub Copilot.
Okay.
So if you haven't done that, make sure you do.
The next is, I think, Saurav, you had found some additional things that we could request access for that would be helpful.
Things like Podman and Docker, yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah, yeah, Podman and Docker were there. So Podman is, I think you don't need any type of access. You can just go ahead and download it from the link it is redirecting to. But for GitHub desktop, it is asking for like a request for access. So, yeah.
Okay.
Saurav, I think GitHub desktop, you can install, but just a GitHub you can't install.
I tried the GitHub.
Ohh.
Get.
I did the GitHub desktop on my Cisco machine.
Yeah.
It worked, doesn't.
Docker Desktop, not GitHub Desktop.
Ohh, OKOK, OK.
Yep.
Yeah, because I'm assuming that for a Docker desktop, because that typically has some permission requirements at an admin level.
Mhm.
I'm gonna guess that they're gonna have their IT through the administration for that one, if I had to guess.
Right.
Yep, and most of all, like from what I see, their deep site, like the deployment of ADS and all, that is connected to the Podman. That's why they are giving Podman without requesting access.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yes, and I think they just use Podman because it's FOSS. So I think they're worried probably about licensing for Docker. For us, for things like POCs, it doesn't matter. So if you want to get Docker desktop and we want to use Docker locally, I think that's a smart way to unblock ourselves.
Yeah.
Mhm.
But as you can tell for Srinivas, just be, take some care to preface, you know, even for us internal, to preface him with, you know, hey, we're using this for local dev so we can keep moving. You know, for instance, you can already tell from that meeting that database access is going to be challenging.
Yep, yep.
So that's a really good way to just unblock ourselves locally, because we can spin up just about anything under the sun with Docker. And the same for Podman. It's not a bad idea to get some familiarity with Podman.
Yeah.
Yep, like the one, like the bot which I have created, it had like the PG container or docker. So what like the challenge I faced was just changing the initial directory from like from where the base image of the Postgres is being downloaded because.
Like the whole structure of Podman as well as like the command and dot, it is totally copy of Docker. So you use Docker PS, so you can use, sorry, Podman PS. Similarly, Docker compose, so there is Podman compose and all of the commands are like the same only.
The only issue I was facing was for Docker desktop, it was asking request for access. That's why like I did not create a account on like the Docker website via Cisco. So instead what I did was there was one, what do you call, base image of label on AWS's.
like the containers that you can download without authentication, the PG17 image. So I just downloaded that and load up on podman and like the same commands podman and then there's not too much of configuration issues there.
Ho.
That's great. That's great. So that's something definitely for others. It's probably going to be good to show other people how to do that too. I think all of us are going to need that type of containerization.
Mm-hmm.
So yeah, no, that's excellent. That's an important thing, because especially once we have that kind of resolved.
You know, that's really, I think, whenever we're able to start doing some big, meaningful development, because we won't be blocked.
Yep.
And like one more like, I would say kind of like an issue or a blocker. So after I deployed my bot on Cisco, I got one email of like, what do you call it, from the IT team that this is not in compliant bot and you should.
Register with this with the bot with the org and submit that for like what you call.
thorough review and there were a set of like nested documents in which they have their bot policy. So there is bot policy then that is what you call hyperlink to another internet policy or two, three other policies then that is interlinked to another two, three policies.
Yeah.
Play.
I tried to like go through all of them, but I'm like, this is too much work. So the only like big thing which I saw there was when you need to, whenever you are deploying your bot, you need to register them with like the Cisco. Okay. And the second thing was when we are developing the bot.
At that time, the group should not be like, what do you call, less than two people and more than 100 people. So the bot cannot be for like more than 100 people. But like the other that group, Cisco group, NXOI group, that has I think around over 300 users.
So we might need to like convey.
But that's their policy. They can always adjust it for their own apps. Yeah.
Mm.
Bhatt.
Yeah.
Mmh.
Yep.
Once we have everything moved over, so you know, like it's using like the Cisco, I think you already did that last week, you know, using the Cisco API key for the language model and all that, we can raise it to him like, hey, I can show you this, but you know, just so you know, there's some policy around bots, you know, help me navigate that.
Yeah.
Mhm.
We can push that back to them and basically say, if you want us to do this, show us how. Otherwise, it's going to be a lot of hassle.
Yeah, I think maybe we can also check with Naga and Justin, just in case they already have that provisioned and they have the access keys and all access token.
Right, right. I'm sure they probably do as well. So that's a good thing. So definitely I think between yourself and Srikar, you know, definitely Justin seems like he's a good person to know and Naga as well.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's good.
There are like, what do you say, a couple of more things which came into picture when I was like browsing through the WebEx hole, what do you call it, developer setup they have over there. So they have option of integrations, service apps, bots.
Agentic apps and OAuth flows. OK, so we might need to like first figure out with Naga and Justin that in the use case they are building or they are using what exactly they have started out and how do they envision it.
because I don't know they want to use the WebEx tools which are already available or they do they want to do something custom and then launch that into WebEx SDK. So we might need to check that as well with Naga and Justin because from the way I am seeing and whatever like Srikar has discussed.
Makes sense.
It would be good to have like a service level app which can like read and scrape the data and put them in a DB, then create an MCP of that DB, and then create an app or a bot so that everything is decoupled and we can like have OAuth.
manage everything. So whenever the, what you call, bot is accessing data from the table, we can use like OAuth of the user rather than like the token of the bot because bot have access to all the chats and spaces and we do not want that data to be like.
leaked in different other chats on which he does not have access. So we have to see like how exactly they are planned, how much of it is already built, and is there something we are duplicating before sharing like the demo with Srikar? It might like really get him, what do you call?
get us to a bad start if this is something they have already done, they completed. So yeah, he would be like, why are you duplicating the work?
Mhm.
Yes, absolutely, absolutely. So that's a good thing. That means that's something we'll have to confirm with them. And even if they say that we have it, don't take that as the answer, right? So say, like, I need to understand it, I need to see it. Because very, very, very, very commonly.
Yep.
Do people say that stuff? And then you look and it's like this hacked together thing.
You know, so think about it from the terms of like an actual architecture, because it is absolutely correct the way you're thinking to, you know, do this as a unified layer that multiple things can share, less technical debt and makes sense. If they do have it and it looks good, and when I say good, I don't just mean it looks functional, but it looks like it's
Yep, thank you.
Thanks.
Proper, correct?
Mm-hmm.
Great. What we can do is, you know, my best advice for those is record the meetings and then, you know, let's make sure that's part of an architecture diagram so we can clearly show it.
Okay.
Mhm.
Even if it's bad, great. Still do that, still show the architecture. And then what we can do is show our own proposal for what a different way would be.
That's.
Yep, so first, yeah, first we need like access to the report, whatever they are building.
Right.
So, that that'll be kind of the plan of attack for this week, so we get access to the repo. Srinivas said that he would unblock that, so I'm going to keep on, you know, bugging him until that happens.
Mohan.
So he said he'd unblocked, so that's good.
In terms of the access, that would have to be to ADS, to Deepak Site, as well as to the GitHub repositories themselves.
Yep.
So we'll get as much of that as we can. But even verbally, if we can get that from them to start with, we can say, here's our understanding. And then I'll be the annoying, you know, mosquito in his ear saying, you know, hey, give us access, give us access, give us access. That'll get us at least to a start with them for understanding. Because
Yeah.
What else is probably true is whatever they tell you verbally will be about maybe 70% correct.
Mhm.
And then 30%, they will either have misremembered, misstated, or misrepresented per the database, not intentionally, but you know, something that is in their eyes, you know, works this way, does it actually work that way in the code?
Yep, it might very well be possible, like when everyone is using Codex and Copilot, so yeah.
No, that's good.
Like, till the test are passing, it's everything is fine.
Of course, of course, by coding debt, that's the theme of the theme of the world right now, I think.
Definitely.
Yeah, that's good. So I think then next, you know, he was talking about architecture A lot.
Yep.
And then you saw even from the meeting perspective, was able to at least, you know, pull together slides. I got that quick. Those weren't my best work, but at least it was fast and it gave us something.
Yep, yep. I think like the only thing which got like a bit of miscommunication was at the start your mic was back, so I was unable to hear like what exactly you were saying. And we did not get to see the slides on our end. So we totally had no idea or I did not have any idea what is exactly written on the slide.
So we got like a bit of miscommunication at the start. But yeah, it was a good call. Like at least got to know everyone and a little bit more about like what exactly they are looking for.
Yes, yes. Now, the good thing, the two observations that I'll give to you for the call is one that's good, one that's bad. One that's bad, and not really bad, but something to keep in mind is that the way Srinivas was, he has other stakeholders in the call and they jump around like crazy.
Mhm, Yep.
So, like, he had him and Imran on the call, he had Justin on the call, a couple others, and we were, you know, going like this.
I.
You know, back and forth, back and forth with the slides.
Yep.
So I think, no, I did this first one. Once I show you all how to use the skill, we're going to do this and we'll probably assign someone from each of the two teams to do this and have it ready for the meetings.
Mhm.
But I'll handle the master meeting, but we'll get some people trained up on how to generate these so that we can have them. But one thing we're definitely going to want to do going forward is have a slide that's like, here's the game plan for this meeting. Here's our kind of plan of action, you know, at a high level.
Some of the slides he wanted, and I think we already had them good, but definitely to separate what we're talking about and talk about it cleanly, that is something we can do. Because I think even on our end, we were blending a couple of things together on our side too. So for instance, like.
Yep, yep.
We were talking about.
The WebEx side of things, now we are also talking about logs in the same sentence. I would say from human, I would separate those entirely as logical ideas.
Priya.
It was like first I was reading here, then I was also talking, then I saw this line, headline, then thoughts of the meeting came in, and then I was like, okay, switch and midway. So yeah, that got totally messed up. Or doing wise. And yeah.
Yeah.
The okay thing here is, though, is that that's why I want to give this to, you know, kind of the two teams we have here right now. Because if you are, you know, generating and you're presenting your side, great. You know, then you don't have to.
No.
Thank you.
Mhm.
worry about if I'm, you know, what order I'm going to put things in or if I have things included or not. It's a matter of making sure you do this before the meeting happens and send it out afterwards. So that's really it for this.
No.
Okay.
So that's one. The second is that we did get a couple of questions answered. Some of them we got answered fully, other things we got answered partially. So one we got answered fully is that for, you know, for instance, Bazel versus Gmake, and I understand, you know, technically speaking, it's pronounced Basel.
Mm.
Yeah.
Okay.
Sam.
But with Basel, they only want us to focus on that. We can ignore Gmake. So that is one question that we finally have answered, which is good.
Like.
Yep.
The second is on these two tools.
What we didn't get, and you could see that there was some almost active resistance in the call whenever you said kind of like what's the actual thing you're trying to do with what you've built so far.
Yep, no.
I will tell you all, I've been around for a little bit more time than not, and I've done a lot of different projects with a lot of different teams. Anytime someone talks, like how Srinivas was talking on that meeting, what that really means is that there's no actual plan. They're kind of just trying to see what works and what doesn't.
Yep.
Yeah, like taking that into consideration only, like I thought that yeah, decoupling would be better. Let's just build a scraper or database and an MCP and then whatever agent you want for whatever use case you can decide at the end because it can be like progress tracking between like.
a single chat or you want to do like org wide some analysis or something or you want to what you call mark some what you call non-compliance or something between like different channels. Plus when we are scraping one is like messages it's okay. What about the files?
Do we want to scrape the file, the data inside the files? What about those? Like me and colleague, we are talking and I just passed you on after doing some research or dot MD file. On chat, it's just a message that a file was shared, but inside that file is a lot of info.
what to do with that info.
Right, right. Yeah, and this is where we can, so that's exactly what I mean. I don't think they've thought too much about stuff. That's a huge value that we can bring on this team, is we can basically say, effectively say like, without saying it out loud, pretend that you're in charge of this at Cisco.
So, you know, for any of these projects, for that, because even if you're talking about, you know, extracting what's into the files, do you want to persist the files? Do you want to keep those? Do you want to just track the IDs that they have in the WebEx chat? What happens if someone deletes a file?
Yeah.
Right, so.
Yup.
Thinking about that stuff now, that does not mean we have to boil the ocean and do it all at once.
But it is helpful to say, here's some of the considerations. Whenever we do like architecture, I always like to have a considerations page. And to say, here's what your plan is right now, here's how I would do it without saying it like that. You know, here's the areas we can improve, and then just pass it to Srinivas to make the call as to whether or not he wants to spend time to do that.
Mhm.
Yeah.
I think that is going to help us out with making progress much more than anything else, because we'll actually be taking on some ownership of the architecture and way that their apps are going. For instance, like for us, we know, you know, we can see this already, that this is useful generically for a lot of different applications.
You know, to scrape WebEx chat.
Yeah.
Yep, yep, I think this is like the service layer service app pulse.
They didn't say that. We said that.
Right.
If they have considered it that way, because from the way it is written here, it is not a chat bot or anything else. It is just scraping and putting in the database. So yeah, I think first part of this is already completed. We might need to like consider from what you call what type of MCPs we want to build, how to like.
Make sure that data will be only surface the data that which is what you call available to that user and not do like cross contamination of the data there. Yeah.
Yeah.
Then for this one, who was, I know someone had mentioned who was there for scribble. Who had talked to, was this one Naga or Justin? I can't remember for scribble.
This is with Naga Colin.
Okay, and then do you remember what Srinivas said about this one on the call?
Yeah, so Singh mentioned, so we we we talked about, like, we already have like WebEx, MCP, and transcription, so Singh said, like, we can do it like parallelly, we don't have to like depend on the WebEx, and we can like build on the scribble, and then we can use it like wherever required.
Yeah, yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah. Hey.
Like, after like sometime, like, but right now, like, we can do it.
It was like, it was kind of, what do you call, AB testing. We are also doing with WebEx transcripts and we are also doing with this, Wispr plus this. Let's see who gets like a better summary and better use case. So.
Yeah, or like which gives better transcript so that we can use it in downstream processing. So.
Yes.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, so this one for Srikar for Saurav, I'm going to give you one, and this will get assigned in that GitHub repository that I'm talking about. You'll see the notification pop up, and honestly, just to make sure everyone gets started for tomorrow, I'm going to send you the link to the issues right inside of the Teams chat, so you'll be able to see.
Okay.
Mhm.
For this A/B testing for the two of these, so yeah, absolutely correct for Srikar for Saurav, we will do some A/B testing. And what I want to do for that A/B testing is not just think about quality, but think about the rest of the production lifecycle too. So for instance, one thing is scale.
Yeah.
Right, so with Wispr, how in the heck are they hosting that? Because if they have, think about this, they want to use it for all of Cisco, really.
Neha.
Yeah.
they're gonna run out of money in the first month.
You know, like that doesn't make sense. So what we can do is not just, here is the quality of the transcription, maybe it is better for Wispr, but maybe Wispr also costs this much.
You guys.
Mhm.
Or maybe, you know, as they were already saying, there's only so much compute that exists. And since they're doing everything on-prem, not through API, or even if they were doing it through API, it really doesn't matter. It just changes where the money's coming from. They're going to need to host something that is capable of this concurrently.
So the concurrency thing is the problem for me. Other than obvious with cost, the question is with Wispr, especially if they're hosting it locally, generally speaking, when people use Wispr Local, it's not multi-thread. So it's not like they can do 500 meeting transcripts at a time.
Yep.
Okay, one by one.
So.
One thing, Colin here, like all these, they want to host like separately on their radius and use them like independently instead of like, this will be hosted at like one place and multiple people will be using it.
So, though the case they are looking for, like, if you're looking to like deep site, like most of them are like self-hosted and self-hosted with the self-compute.
Mhm.
Right, right. So, here's here's what I would do to break it down, because the thing is, I agree, but there's still this question that, even for Sterni Bus, you know, the one thing came from really with Naga, I believe, which was they said, "Let me see if I can get to the right page here. Yes, right here.
For additional scope, right? So, you know, on one, on one hand, they want to do it for transcripts.
Yup.
On the other hand, they said they could expand it.
But there's still that big question mark as to what else do they possibly have at Cisco that generates audio files.
Right.
Mhm.
Right, so that's something we can include as a consideration whenever we give kind of the report back.
Yeah.
No.
It's to say, do you even have this problem?
Mhm.
Because right now, you know, and I could be wrong. I mean, I'm not, I don't work at Cisco. Right now, I'm like, they're kind of just sounding like they fed it to ChatGPT and said, you know, what could this do? Give me some ideas for this.
Yeah, true, that can be impossible.
Is.
Yeah.
Yeah, 'cause...
Because most of them, they use like WebEx all the time.
Right, exactly, exactly. So this is where I'm saying, like, we can put that as a consideration. And basically, even if Naga says, you know, oh, I want to do this as a generic, you know, voice endpoint, we can say, okay, that's fine, that's fine. But you have to think about the economy of scale here. If you were a VP at Cisco, just put on everyone your VP hat.
Mhm.
and it's your budget at stake here. And in case you didn't know this, if you're at a VP level, this does not affect me, but people that are VP level, if you meet your budget or you're under your budget, you probably get a really nice bonus at the end of the year. So in case you're wondering why they're so aggressive about keeping their budget so tight, it's because they get a nice car at the end of the year.
Mmh.
As a result, these Cisco guys, they're big shots, so you know they're not talking about like a small bonus, it's a big thing, so...
Yeah.
Hey.
Ohh.
Yep, like even if we can save like suppose 50 cents on each request, I suppose there will be millions coming in a month like.
Right, and exactly that. So if I told you that with Wispr, I could get, you know, based upon AB testing, 10% better transcripts. We'll talk about how we can measure this in a moment, but let's just say 10% better transcripts with Wispr.
Hello.
Mm-hmm.
And it costs, you know, $20,000 a month.
Are you going versus free for the other one with WebEx transcription?
Are you going to say Wispr is important? No.
You're going to say, you know, that's great, but 10% doesn't justify, you know, $24,000 a year or $240,000 a year.
Yeah.
So part of what we want to do for this one for AB testing, of course, do the quality testing. And the way that I would do this, and I'm actually going to talk like this because we'll use one of our singularity things to actually go and make this as an issue. So that's why I'm going to talk about the technical side real quick. First pass would be true AB testing.
out of the box Wispr with out of the box meeting transcription from Cisco.
Number 2 is, what if you were to simply have a, you know, quick glossary lookup table for the meeting chats? You know, like if there's errors that cause transcription quality, put a definition to that. Don't just say it's better with Wispr. What specifically is better with Wispr?
It.
You know, and so typically with Wispr, from my experience with it, it's simply a matter of, you know, being better at picking out words.
Yep, like a lot of cooperative jargons has been trained on that, so if you are using those, it can pick those up, right?
You know.
Right.
And the thing is that you have to remember what the end result of this is, because it's not just which one's better at transcription. It's which one is more usable for AI as the second step.
Mhm.
So that means that we have another aspect to this AB testing that we should try.
Which is to say, even if on the face, the existing Cisco WebEx transcript is, you know, not so good. Maybe it's 60% as accurate to speech compared to...
Wispr.
Mhm.
and some simple prompt engineering, fix that.
So for instance, I'm not saying prompt engineering like we have a processing step that processes the transcripts as an extra step. I'm saying that whenever you go to actually use that transcript, is it as simple as saying like, here is the transcript for the meeting?
It's a speech-to-text transcript, so there's bound to be errors. Use common sense and good judgment. Also, hear some commonly missed terms.
So if there's any phonetics here that might not make sense, here's how you go. Or for instance, providing it details like the meeting people's names, because people's names are not well covered by any transcription model.
Yep, no.
So...
And the last tier is to consider for scaling. What is the compute needed for Wispr?
What is the resource that's needed for Wispr? How many things could actually be done concurrently with Wispr?
Because they don't want something, it's true, absolutely, that they spin things up on demand, but that's really when you're in POC mode. Eventually you have to get out of POC mode and have something deployed for the organization. So when that happens, what does that look like?
You know, so like for instance, like, yep, I'm sure that they're going to want to have people able to spin up Wispr, you know, pods on pod man.
But what does that mean? Does that mean that if they have everyone doing that, is that even going to make sense? Like, for instance, wouldn't it make more sense to have one application that can go and get all the transcripts for all the meetings across the whole organization, or at least within?
Yes.
in a subset of the organization.
Yep.
At least have them all done on like what you call in parallel on the back end and just drop like suppose JSON snapshot into the DB and then we can fetch directly from the DB. Even if like we want to track suppose progress between one week to the other week or one day to the another day.
We can take snapshots of those days of particular. We might like miss out on like what do you call small details as to what exactly did Saurav say or what exactly did Srikar or Colin say, but we will have like the high level decisions and actions captured.
And if we want to like keep or something like at what time this issue came up from like that perspective from a transcript perspective. So that might be lost, but like the main issues which we want to resolve, those can be like easily kept in a JSON snapshot.
Right, right, and, and for this one, I mean, even even higher level than that, like, let's say Srikar, you go and make a an app that goes to, you know, every meeting that we have, and you use Wispr to process the transcript.
And then let's say that Saurav, you're going to making a similar app, different use case, but you've spun up your own resource, you know, with DeepSight.
Mhm.
You're downloading the same transcript. You're transcribing the same transcript.
No.
Even before you talk about, you know, extraction or anything else, you're duplicating the actual effort that's needed because you're processing the same information twice in the same way for the same purpose.
Okay.
Yep, yep.
So, that's actually like one of the biggest problems that you know the self-service type of internal things have, because they're not really...
you know, designed for scale. They're good for a couple of power users here and there, but if they don't think about this until it's too late, then what you'll end up with is all these different people with all their own different ways of doing the same exact task.
So what our move should be here is, you know, just for the sake of taking an audio from WebEx.
What is the smartest way to get the transcript out of that? Is it with Wispr or is it with the built in transcription?
And at that point, what is more usable downstream to AI? Does it really matter that much? Because it's easy to say, you know, okay, Wispr was, you know, 10% more accurate than, you know, Cisco transcription was for, you know, jargon. And, you know, maybe we subdivide it into jargon type words and names and things and maybe.
Wispr is better in some of those, maybe it's worse in others, right? But at the end of the day, does it really matter? Because does AI afterwards care about it? If we're trying to summarize that transcript, does it matter? You know, that it's 10% more accurate because it could be completely fine. It's almost like when you mistype into, you know, you're using Cloud Code, Codex, or Cursor.
Big.
you mistype something. AI doesn't care. AI just, you know, rolls along and it's fine. So it's possible that even if it's more accurate, it actually doesn't matter at the end. And that's a really important thing here to not just stop at the AB testing, but to also think about, you know, how this is actually going to be used in real life.
Yep.
So, but yeah, we'll get some tasks assigned here. I'm thinking this one can be pretty quick, especially if we already have some idea of it. What I want to do here, because I know for Scribble, we won't have access to that until we have access to DeepSite.
Yeah.
Mhm.
So I think if this is Naga, let's make sure we connect with him and I'll ping Srinivas again with just kind of the after meeting summary from last time. I want to say, look, we need to have access to Scribble in order to do the AB testing. And that hopefully that'll give us access to DeepSite in the same stroke.
Okay, one thing like just being like honest here, I have not worked with like ADS in the past. Okay, so do we need to provision different ADS for different people or one ADS in the whole team is okay?
Good, good question. Okay, so everyone, good, good terminology here. So ADS is a custom internal Cisco thing.
Mhm, Okay.
I think it's what like Aurora data system or something like that.
Yeah, Aurora Development Server. So it's not the Active Directory server.
Yeah, there you go.
Okay, okay.
Mhm.
And so, Namita, correct me if I'm wrong, my understanding was that they're basically, basically like a virtual machine.
Yes, kind of, we will say that.
Okay, yes. And probably what they're doing is they're probably running it with, you know, what you or I might call as like Proxmox, as something that I believe is similar to how they're probably hosting these. The thing with a virtual machine is that virtual machines are really heavy and they're tough to scale, frankly, because they're...
Mm.
Just.
really old school way of doing things. So, you know, if you have 5 virtual machines, fine. But if you have a giant server, you know, like I've worked with ones that literally have, you know, terabytes of RAM, and you want to subdivide that to multiple virtual machines, you usually will use something like Proxmox to do that. So let me show you here.
The.
And this is just one example of a tool. I mean, there's plenty, plenty more of these, and there's more official versions too, but this is a popular open source one.
Mhm.
And.
So what happens is that you get effectively, imagine like a Docker container. It's not Docker at all, but imagine the equivalent of a Docker container for a desktop application with the UI.
Okay, okay.
And so it's like a virtual machine, but it's hosted like a Docker container.
That ADS, that Aurora, that's their internal thing, so you won't be able to find information on that, which is why I'm explaining it here. To answer your question, it will work just like a VM will, where it will have some compute, some network, and some...
Mmh.
Yeah.
You know, CPU assigned to it.
Mhm.
So the answer is...
It depends. So depending upon...
Yeah, like so I think in like for example, what the usual like issue with VM comes in. Suppose I'm working on something on that VM and Srikar wants to do his own thing. So he have to either wait or I have to drop off before he can connect on that VM.
That kind of issue, does like ADS also face these or is it okay if like suppose between two teams, Namita and Vaishali are working on logs, so they provision one ADS and Srikar and me are working on the other thing, so we provision one ADS for that.
Is that how that works or like 1 ADS or 4 ADS?
So I...
See.
So what Justin told me was they have one, like for example, he told me to request for one of the ADS machine, like it is called ADS some number associated with it. And that ADS machine, everybody can access. So even I can access simultaneously, you can access simultaneously. So that should not be a problem. We should be able to work.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Okay.
parallel on that machine.
Okay, okay, great.
So this is where this line right here, you see, remember, Srinivas said, oh, you didn't ask for the right stack.
Yeah, yeah.
So, and okay, because they don't have it put anywhere. I mean, there's a lot of tribal knowledge at Cisco. So, Namita, don't worry about that. A lot of tribal knowledge, things that aren't written down that should be.
Bhatt.
Yeah.
For instance, you did this with REL 8, so Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8 is REL. So this one is Linux. So because it's a Linux container, by default, there is possible concurrent access.
Mhm.
So if it's a Windows ADS machine, that is going to be what says only one person at a time can access.
Okay, okay.
So the OS for this is what matters. And if I had to guess, they're probably going to go with REL or Debian.
Mhm.
Okay, yeah, most likely they'll because they have licenses.
Add.
Yeah.
But that's, and this is what I mean when I say it's like Docker in the sense that you have certain packages, you know, that are attached to it that are pre-installed.
Just like you might have a Docker file.
Yep, yep.
Yep.
Yeah, so.
Well...
For this, yeah, I think that'll be good for us to understand. It'll be good for us also to know, like, what kind of compute and, you know, storage and et cetera that it has allocated to it. I'm going to guess the temporary machines are probably pretty light on what they give.
I think they also pointed out that I was like, bundle is wrong. We should not have this realm bundle. Instead, I think Srikar shared the bundle name with us on the chat there. The third part here, no realm bundle.
Right, right.
Right.
Granted.
So this will be good to understand, but in general, think about it like a deployed virtual machine that's like something like Docker, but it is more close to a virtual machine, not for Windows, most likely for Linux, which is good.
Yeah.
If it's Linux, there will always be concurrent user access possible. If it's Windows, please don't request Windows machines, please, because you'll need way more RAM than you need. You know, Windows 10, for instance, you need min 8 gigs of RAM. Meanwhile, I can run a Docker container on like half a gig of RAM or 1/4 gig of RAM.
Mm.
Good.
And still be fine, so.
But I think that's what's going on with the ADS machines.
Okay.
For this, did this part make sense as to what I was talking about with Srinivas? So I'll recap quick and then we can talk about that. What and Purma's comment was that she was worried that if we have all like, and this is really what I was talking about for earlier, I said, you know, POCs eventually have to be production.
You know, it's all fine and well to enable local developers, but what happens when it actually works, you know, and you want to do it at scale? Well, the self-service model doesn't really work anymore unless you have infinite money.
Amit.
Oh.
Yep.
So what Imperma's comment was back was, you know, okay, well, we only have a limited number of compute available for ADS machines in general across the entire organization. There's A finite pool of resources to pick from.
Mhm, you know, focus.
So what that means for us is that should we or should we not subdivide and say we need an ADS machine for all these different things?
Mhm.
As of right now, I would say no. Don't subdivide until there's a tactical production-related reason to do so.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
And whenever this happens, we'll think about this as part of our automation. Just like Docker, I could say, just like with Kubernetes or even with Docker as well, I could say, here's the utilization on a given machine. Let's go spin up another machine and subdivide the traffic.
Mhm.
Yep.
We should be able to have that same kind of management power on their ADS. That has nothing to do with us, but that is something that's going to be super valuable for them. I mean, even, you know, and when I said that on the call, Imran must stop talking, which is a good sign. So they aren't even thinking in those lines. They're thinking very manual. Like we've got an IT department that spins things up, spins them down.
Mhm.
and probably just, you know, waits for it to be idle for two weeks, then shuts it off permanently.
Um...
That's Bart's job.
Right, right. Ancient.
So from an AI perspective, we can show them how to scale this properly.
Yeah, probably.
Yep.
All right. Okay. So I think we got this covered. So for this week,
We can do the scribble AB. We can get some things figured out for what's going on with pulse.
For architecture, I'll have a separate meeting with Srikar and Saurav, a separate meeting with you on architecture. And likewise for Namita Vaishali, we'll have a separate meeting on architecture for the other half of this, which is the log side.
Mmh.
But basically this week, I think our primary deliverables we should focus on is documentation.
Mhm.
I think that is the very common thread between Deepak and Srinivas. They want to see how are you guys going to do this. Like we've talked about it for a while, we've met, we've gathered info, what are we going to do about it?
Yep.
Right.
Um...
So, so with that, let me move to Namita Vaishali, so to talk about the log side.
So for you two, I think that there's two big things that are gating. One is access to some real logs.
And 2, I think we got resolved, which was Basel versus Gmake. That was resolved. So for Namita, how are you feeling right now for access to the logs or getting some others from Justin?
Yes.
Yeah, I just got today morning access to GitHub repo where I can see the code that he has written, the Python script, the PR that he had raised. And the other part was I have access to the temporary ADS machine, so I'm able to see some of the logs there.
OK.
But those are all past logs, not the failure logs, because it is just a dev environment and looks like nothing failed recently in these four days. So maybe I can just wait or look at the success logs till then, or get hold of Justin regarding this.
Like has he faced a similar problem any time before? Because right now we would be focusing only on the Basel logs, right? And those are available in dev environment. So looking at main would make no sense because those are Gmake ones.
Yeah.
Really?
So no, this is good. So what I would do here, so there's three things. Number one, you are the, I think, the only person right now that has access to GitHub. So whatever you did, that is great. That is great. I think everyone else still, and this is kind of funny because remember they told us we were supposed to take a training and all this stuff.
If you were able, Namita, to get access to GitHub, that's excellent.
Mhm.
So, was it? Yes, so I...
Yeah, please teach me.
Since then, please teach me.
I have to give you that job for the rest of the team. Teach all of us how to, you know, get that access. We've all been trying. We have not been successful. You're the only person that has had success there. So whatever you're doing is working. So if it's, you know.
Actually.
Yeah.
It's already there in the PDF document that I shared on Friday, so we have to follow the same steps. So that's all I did.
Okay.
So I did get like the A2G groups access, but it says access granted, but I do not see like anything. I don't know.
Yeah.
Oh, then you have to ping Justin and Justin will do something and give you further access.
Okay, okay, sure.
Yeah, same for me, Saurav. I got the A to G access.
Thanks, Namita.
Instead in the doc like to do things once you get access to A2G is pinging Justin.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay, okay, sure.
Okay, Surej.
OK, perfect, perfect. OK, so that was thing one, so, so, so, and even for me, I, I will do the same, so we'll follow those directions, that'll be great.
Mhm.
Um...
I think for #2, if we have in dev some past logs, those are good because past is still good. I mean, that's even though it doesn't give us what we realistically need, that's still information and those are still real logs. What I would do is grab some of them.
And I know that there's Basel logs right now, but it would be good to have an idea of all the logs in general that are available on any given day. If that changes or varies per day, something like just like have an observation period here to understand what's available and when it's available. And we will keep our focus then on.
the Basel looks, but it's going to be helpful for the future because, you know, in the future we're not just focused on Basel. We'll be focused on everything.
And.
So if we know already what kind of is on the menu, so to speak, that'll be really helpful.
Colin, if I understand correctly, you are saying that we should look at GMAC logs as well right now, just for our understanding?
Not GMIC. I think GMIC's the one that we can leave excluded. But for instance, let me, I'll say it a different way. So as of right now, I only personally have awareness that there is a Basel log.
I don't know if there are Jenkins logs, DevX logs, you know, build logs, etc.
OK.
Ohh, OK.
Got it, so see, so the CI process that they that they have.
This is the one that Justin showed me. So those are Basel logs from the dev environment. But then there is another process that is a CD process wherein nightly builds happen, right? So that part Justin has not showed me. Yeah, so I can focus on that as well, get some information regarding the CD part.
Mm.
OK.
Perfect.
Because as for Friday's call, Srinivas mentioned these two scenarios, right? The CD as well as there is CI. So CI is the one which we have been talking with Justin, but overall they want this project for nightly builds as well, which is CD.
Right, right. And let me, I don't want to go too deep in this, so let me flash this quick and everyone just save questions because this is just, this is actually something that I was just talking about with Vaishali. But let me show you a reason why I'm saying this right now.
So, for instance, let's think of a log file.
If those logs are coming in in some custom way, it is possible that they could be a composite log file.
Yeah.
For instance, the log file could be a giant text file that is blending together logs that are from multiple different applications.
We don't know whether or not that's true yet until we actually get eyes on it and see. Like let's say for the specifically the nightly builds, we have no idea if those are multiple individual log files.
Or if that is 1 giant text file that's just getting appended to.
The reason why that's important is, of course, that determines downstream how we process it and how we tackle that to make the problem smaller for ourselves.
True.
So, that's why it'll be good to have kind of a kind of a map of what information is included in the logs, what is its source.
And what we can do is we can actually build that into our documentation too, because effectively, you know, it's like we're all writing a book together. We're kind of, you know, charting out this new territory of how this app works, because I don't think anyone at Cisco has actually done this, which they should have, but they didn't. So for us, if the, you know, the...
The original build logs in CI are exclusively from either Basel or Gmake, but we're ignoring Gmake. Great. As long as we're sure that's the map, completely good. And then for CD, to know what the files are, what the sources are, that'll be the next map that we'll make, because that'll help us to plan out the architecture.
Gone for it.
Mhm.
Okay.
And then I think #3 is on, you know, on our side for our own purpose. So when I say an observation period, observation period will tell you the consistency.
Now, if there's a way to do this programmatically, I would do that. Because for an observation period, realistically, you don't want to have to, you know, add on to your plate and say every day, I'm going to wake up, I'm going to log into their portal, I'm going to download the log files myself and save them somewhere. And I'm going to do that for
You know, two weeks.
Technically, yes, you can do that.
But...
In reality, that's a big pain. And eventually you're going to want to do that over and over. So it's not a bad idea to write a simple script that either you can run that'll go and do this for you, or to just set up some basic, very quick automation. Nothing fancy. This is only for ourselves internal. And what I mean is that those logs exist for four days, and right now there's no errors.
Well, fine. Let's even if they're all passed, let's take a sampling of them so that we can have a kind of a library of known log files and what they look like.
That'll help us both for testing as well as for planning. So if we already have, even if it's a bunch of, you know, things that pass, completely fine still, because there's either going to be or not going to be variation within that.
And then we can keep this.
Mhm.
As a second step, we can also get those ones, and I would, you know, chase after Justin for this. Even if he won't give us access to Mane, he should at least give us some log files from Mane.
So getting access to the log files is most important, not just getting a sample. I know I'm probably preaching to the choir here, but anytime you have someone who's not an AI person give you a sample of data, you can 100% guarantee it's not going to be a good sample.
So, you know, you'll say, give me a log file, and he'll give you one, and that one will happen to contain the only outlier that is weird from all the other ones that are ever going to be sampled. So,
Yep.
Yeah.
You know, priority one, if yeah.
It would be like, I am able to process everything else. This is not processing. You process this.
Right.
Ho.
So if we can get ourselves our own access to the log files on main from the real runs, even if it's just read-only, that is ideal. And the good news is if they're already getting saved to a database, or if they're already just on an, I think he said an NFS, which is just a simple file server.
If we can get access to those logs, then we can ourselves say what they look like. If they're consistent or not, if they are, you know, if there's a pattern, if they're, you know, there's lines that are constant throughout all of them, we need to have multiple snapshots in time to see if that's true. You can't just say, you know, look, I have one log file, here's the log format.
Mhm.
You have to verify that over multiple points in time.
So I think from his aspect, getting access to that NFS server that has the logs on it, that is going to be the best. And if you have that, then we'll be able to set up even locally with Airflow, something that can go, you know, as long as we're connected on the VPN, go download those files, because NFS is going to be a transmat format. Download those files, save them.
Until we have done it for, you know, a number of days.
And what's good there is that way, even Vaishali can work kind of async with you, Namita, to help to process those and transfer.
Yes.
Yes, we are. I, yes, we can do that.
I think it would be also be like a good idea to look at like successful logs as well, as well as like the failed logs. So just we know what type of structure both of those are following and what type of information is being captured in those logs.
Two.
Mhm.
And as well for us to get it kind of structured. And when I say structured, I really just mean folders. You know, nothing fancy, just folders. But for instance, here's the date. Here's the build. Was this one from, you know, the nightly production builds? Was this one from a user build?
Yeah.
Mhm.
That's the other information that'll be good to capture. And I'm not sure what that is, but we can get that from Justin.
Yeah.
And.
I think maybe which user made the fix that should also be like added on the capture because I think they said that they wanted like a commit level what do you call transparency that from where exactly from which commit this these issues come from. So I think maybe user level or commit level is also like.
Okay.
Ohh, what do you call worth taking into account for, like, the structure?
Yes.
This is going to be the next one, and this one's going to be a little bit tough, but this is where I got a little bit confused on my end. I, you know, they said, we don't have that traceability. And my first question is, why? How? What are you?
Yeah, okay, yeah, this is great.
It's actually, in my opinion, is harder to do this.
Yeah.
Mhm.
details. I mean, that's easy. That's just metadata.
Mum.
Yeah.
But what we will want to do though is start to plan out, and this is Namita for you, start to plan out what the data model will look like.
Yes, Colin.
Between all, yeah, between all these different services, all these different apps, what does that data model look like? What fields are common? What does the table structure look like? This is 1 where realistically it should be a star schema.
And I mean, that's the easiest possible way also to enable downstream agentic AI. I would not do it as like a JSON format with NoSQL. I would not do that for this one, because what you can have is you can build a very simple tool for MCP that says, you know, go and generate or go and query this database for this information.
about this particular PR or this particular commit, or gives you some backward traceability from the time a build happens back to the original PRs that had come into it.
Yeah.
Okay.
Now, the irony here is that since we have MCP, we don't actually need to store absolutely everything.
The.
Mhm.
So for instance, it's still get. At the end of the day, it's still get.
Yeah, it also has its own like we have CLI available, we have MCP available, and we can just use commands. It really comes down to it.
Right. So think about, you know, for instance, what makes sense to persist. And for the most part, those are going to be things like IDs or the SHA hashes.
Mhm.
But for other things like lineage or for get, you know, for instance, if I wanted to see and get like what commits were part of a PR, do I really need to do a complicated structure to store that? No. As long as I know what the PR was and what the hash was for the specific PR push, then I can tell you, you know, from a simple.
you know, reproducible get query, what the command would be to pull that. And then we can just build a tool for MCP that can go and retrieve that on the fly.
The.
So just think about it like that. Think about what information you should and should not store. In general, things like the SHA hash are going to be some of the most useful for this for GitHub. That just refers to the unique identifier, that random string of characters that's attached to any commit, any PR that happens.
Once you have that, you pretty much can query that information real time from Git, which is ideal. That way you don't have to worry about storing it unless it makes sense to store.
Yeah.
All right. Now, with that, we'll also give them kind of a tentative architecture. And it won't just be architecture, but it'll also be approach for how we're going to process the log files. We will be able to do that best whenever we have the log files in front of us. So once we know the answer to this question,
You know, are these composite logs? Are these, you know, just a bunch of, you know, individual logs that are each stored from the applications? Are they being edited before they're being stored in NFS? Once we have some of those answers, we'll be able to do a really nice architecture.
Plan for Srinivas, and I think that's what he's going to want to see for Friday, so we'll meet Namita and Vaishali will meet this week to talk about the, you know, actual processing architecture. That'll be an easy conversation, because the good thing is log analysis is not, you know, a really a unique problem, so there's already some good strategies.
do this, but we'll get some documentation ready for him to share this week on this.
Hey, sounds good, Colin.
Now, last thing before we wrap up, because I know it's late for the India team. One thing is evaluate the existing code and inspect the logs firsthand. This goes for both teams.
So the moment you have some visibility onto the coat.
That's when we can really start to dig in and get some understanding of it. My advice to all of you is to get this. We need to get a GitHub repository set up for ourselves at Cisco.
Mhm.
Um, that's gonna be something I'll, you know, bugs for new us for.
Yep, yep.
Um...
But we need to start to pull together everyone collectively documentation and get it organized and arranged. So for instance, if someone has already done a deep dive, just like we would with Claude, if someone's already done a deep dive onto an existing repository and code base, we can do that once. And we can even build a skill or an agent or something to go and do that reproducibly.
Yeah.
And I'm telling you, I'm already missing cloud, like, just based on the research I did for WebEx, it was painful.
Yeah, that's something I'm going to try to post for any of us over to the light side, not the dark side, but the light side. You know, get rid of codecs.
Yeah.
Even for like suppose just uh Namita just going there and what you call uh daily downloading those logs you can easily what you call create an automation on co work and it can do that for you.
No.
Right, right.
And as I said before, I mean, technically no one knows if you are, if you're not using Cloud Code. I mean, I have mine personally installed on the Cisco machine. So just do not say a word about that in a meeting, and I will not know any better. No one will know any better.
Hello.
The.
Um...
Just make sure you know that, you know, whatever we're talking to, Srinivas, don't accidentally say, you know, oh, we're using Cloud Code.
Yeah, that's why even I am because I did not get like access to either Copilot or Codex yet, so I'm not using it just because like the structure of the document itself says that yeah, this was generated by ai.
Just be very careful then.
The.
Right, right.
Okay.
So.
Build logs there, look at existing code, and we'll try to get that documented. Don't try to do this manually. So if we need to wait to do this until we have access to at least one of the AI tools, great. We can get creative here too. I'm not sure what's available, but definitely help each other out here.
Abhijit.
Do some exploration. I think between all of us, we'll find out some way to get unblocked here. And I'll keep pushing on Srinivasan Mane to get us the access to minimum codecs. That is not as good as Cloud Code, but at least it's way better than Copilot.
Yep.
Um...
Last for both teams, there's two kind of written deliverables we'll want to do this week. These ones can be done on your Bay 1 hardware, because these are just documents. One side is architecture. I will work with both sets of teams to do this with you, even if you've done architecture before.
It.
It's got to be the right kind of architecture. So I'll show you how to do this that is going to make their IT team feel butterflies in their stomach and, you know, heart emojis for the architecture.
The.
The other side of it is we'll do some training this week with Singularity so that each team can generate the presentations for it.
Upadhyay.
And basically, after you get trained up on that, every week, that's going to become, you know, each team's responsibility to have those ready for the meeting. You know, make sure you, of course, read them, understand them, make sure that they're correct and up to date and accurate.
But after that, that'll become a team level responsibility to make sure those are good to go. And we'll make sure that both people on each team know how to do this for continuity. You know, sometimes people get sick, sometimes people go on vacation. You don't want things to stop working just because one person's not there. So we'll make sure that's something that everyone knows how to do.
Abhijit.
But what I'll show you will help you with both the architecture and with the presentation. And if it makes you feel any better, because no one likes presentations whatsoever, me included, think about, you know, even in 15 minutes between a call, that transcript wasn't even ready for downloading from me.
Yeah.
Until 15 minutes prior to the call, I was able to get all of these slides done with diagrams just based upon what we talked about. So it's a good tool. It's really nice. It'll keep getting better, but it won't be a huge burden as we go forward with building architecture diagrams or with putting together
presentations like this. We'll make it as easy as we can so we don't waste time. If there's anything I'll promise you is that no one's going to be wasting hours in PowerPoint here. We don't do that.
KP.
So.
Yeah.
This type of stuff is great.
You know, even building quick diagrams like this, worth their weight in gold. Certainly a lot better than Cisco's, you know, way of debt making diagrams over here.
Yeah.
And I guess someone has spent at least a month on this. I can beg you.
Yes. Meanwhile, this was done fully automated, you know, minutes before a presentation.
He.
Yeah.
And not my favorite thing to do. I'm not saying to wait until 15 minutes beforehand to do your presentation. But, you know, speaks for itself that this actually worked and was accurate enough that, you know, there was no comment from Srinivas on any of this stuff. So that's a good thing.
But alright.
Mhm.
So let me end with this. We will have some more meetings this week. I'll get them on the calendar. For Srikar, for Namita, we will meet again later on today itself to talk about a couple of things and get in sync. For everyone else, have a good night ahead. I know it's late for you, so thanks for staying on.
and then we will plan on meeting up again tomorrow.
KP.
Yeah.
One more thing, like Colin, before we finish. Sorry, Srikar. So what I was thinking about is they already have like a scribble up and running, correct? And we also have like the WebEx summaries and transcript already running. So is it possible to get?
Yeah, sure, Colin.
like the, what do you call, last, our last calls, like Friday calls, transcript from the Scribit, because Justin was also on the call and we were also, so it might be okay to just ask them for that. So just we can see like what exactly is the quality and extract the same transcript from the web side and start like comparing it.
Yeah.
till we do not have like access to repo and all, we can at least start from there.
Yeah, yeah, I think so. I think so. I think that's just, um, you know, probably a message away from.
from him. So we can talk to them and get at least the transcript. That'll also give you some insight as to what exactly Scribble is doing right now.
Yep, yep.
You know, is it automatically processing things? Like if Justin's on a call, you know, is it automatically processing his own? Is it something he has to manually do? That's going to be a really important thing. Yes, Surej.
The.
Sorry, Colin, Colin, sorry to interrupt. I think this is from Naga. Like this is not done by, yeah, Justin. So I think they haven't like created like configuration to any other meetings as such. They just have to have some code in the repo and like you can run.
Not gonna right.
Mhm.
Run that on your local machine anytime with any any audio file.
Okay.
So that's even...
So, they haven't they haven't configured it to any any of the their existing systems yet.
So that's even, you could say better or worse. You know, it's better for us.
Yeah.
It's.
But it's worse for Cisco.
No.
Mhm.
It's not even better for us because we, as I have checked, like I did not see like anywhere they are providing this per three's keys. So we will have to check with them how exactly do they want us to test this on our end.
Well, what we can do though is if we understand that, that actually gives us an even better reason to work with Naga.
Ho.
Because we can say, Tanuja, you know, hey, this is not deployed.
Mhm.
Like, if it's something that is, I'll put it this way.
If this scribble tool is literally just essentially A Python script that runs Wispr.
Right, I mean, that's like at the end of it. I mean, that's probably, you know, 50 lines of code at most. Provided a text file on the local system, use Wispr, run the Wispr model locally.
Yeah.
and process a transcript, save a file, probably 50 lines of Python.
If it's not connected or integrated in, that is something that we should capture and track, because then we can go to Srinivas and say, hey, you know, this is not exactly that. You know, it's not like you have an existing working thing, like we were saying earlier, that's already connected into a system that's already doing this.
Mhm.
Yeah, WebEx is like already running. You can always grab it.
Right, and so if that's the case...
Because, if you think about it...
If you had Wispr running, you essentially now need a whole observer backend architecture.
You know, something that goes and finds new WebEx meetings, gets the audio from it, pipes it in. That work has not been done, it sounds like. So that's something we can capture. And if there's a substantial amount of work there, which I can tell you there is, then that makes it even easier for us to say, you know, this was great as a POC.
Thank you.
We'll definitely, you know, use parts of this, but we need to re-architect this entirely.
So that's what I mean, it's good for us, and then if it's not fully matured yet, that gives us a way to put ourselves inside of it and insert and say, we're going to do this a better way, a different way, without really ruffling feathers, because you can't get your feathers ruffled if it's not really working for real yet.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Like, if they really want to go with Wispr, correct, then just doing this transcription like does not warrant what you call local download of Wispr. So it would be like a better idea to suggest them to like what you call increase the scope of this project. So like.
I don't know if you have used the Wispr tool which comes for like auto dictation. You can write anything anywhere on like your system by talking. So we can pick something like that. If you already have like Wispr downloaded and it can already transcribe. So it's better to add that functionality as well.
Yes.
just so that it can be like more useful than just like transcribing the meetings.
Yes, yes. And this is exactly what we're going to want to capture. Now, this is where I'll caution everyone. We have to be very diplomatic, right?
Yeah.
Because effectively, and I'll say it the mean way. So, you know, I'm not a mean person. Hopefully you all know that by now. At least I don't think I am. But.
No.
Yeah.
What I mean is that effectively what Cisco has done is they've created a solution without an actual use case.
Yes.
which is another way of saying I messed around at work and got paid to do it.
Yep.
There's no business value to it, period. Because you're absolutely right. Why would you download this to your local machine? I mean, it's great and it's frankly cute that you can run this and self-host it.
But...
Mhm.
What's the game plan here? You know, what if you did want to have this as a service layer for a different application, are you then now saying that you have to run Wispr on the machine every single time you want to pull a transcript?
Because effectively, it's yes, you would, if it remains in the current state. Now, I'm not saying you couldn't think of ways to do that, but the reality is the current state, not the idea and dream for the future state. So unless they have a diagram saying, here's the roadmap,
Yep.
And for us, what I mean by diplomatic is capture that. Say, here's what we can see for the current state without saying that this is, you know, complete junk.
Here's why this won't work. Here's what our proposal is to do this better at scale, to really have that vision like Srinivas has as one unified set of applications, modular things that can be plugged in and stacked up on top of each other.
for common problems. If we do it with a unified service layer, he's going to get that. If he does it continuing on this path of what they're doing right now with Scribble, with what Naga did, if they can come to terms that it's a POC, and great, that's a nice effort, but has no place in production, fine. But the way to show them is through
Mhm.
Yeah.
the engineering and architecture diagrams. Don't just say like, oh, what he did, it's got to run local, this and that. You'll get into an argument if you do that.
Simply show it as a diagram and say, here's how it works today, here's what we suggest it works in the future, because it will naturally come out as to what the shortcomings are to any logical person that's technical.
Mm-hmm.
Like, put it this way, the moment Srikar you told me that he has to run this on his local machine and it's a script.
Mhm.
That's the moment my brain turned off, not to you, my brain turned off, but to him, or to Naga, my brain turned off, to say, okay, you've done a POC, you have not done anything meaningful in production.
Yeah.
Sam.
And for Srinivas as well, the same thing will happen. So if you say, you know, like, hey, this is a Python script that people have to run, my first question is, okay, my computer restarted. Is it running? My second question is, what happens if me and my buddy are on the same meeting? Am I really going to pull the same meeting transcript down and he's going to process it on his side and I'm going to process it on my side?
Bhatt.
Right? Those are going to be the questions that come up. But those are natural things that logical people will see. So you don't need to call them out. Like you can just, you know, present the facts plainly on their face and let smart people come to their own conclusions.
Mhm.
Yep.
Yeah.
All right, everyone. Well, I do have to jump off to the next one, but good session and good meeting on Fridays.
Really good progress. I mean, that's what I have to say. I think for Namita Srikar both, I mean, not to discredit Saurav yourself or Vaishali, but especially the two of you, you've done a great job just interacting with the team. So thank you for being proactive in doing that.
and getting some of these things figured out. So keep it up. I think this week we've got a clear path ahead of us, but we'll meet tomorrow and see.
what we want to do next. We'll have that singularity training later on today. And then for tomorrow, we can talk about any access that we need. I'm thinking for Wednesdays. Wednesdays will be the latest day in the week where we're going to flag
still existing problems up to Srinivas. So even for tomorrow, try to do, you know, for instance, like on Namita sheet, follow those instructions. If you're still blocked after tomorrow, that's when you can tell me and I'll raise it up to Srinivas as early escalation. He was asking for earlier in the week, he wants to know if there's problems so that he can help.
Yep.
Alright.
Well, good work. We can finish up for today. I'll be in touch with all of you on kind of a more individual and team level. And I'll get some recurrent meetings finally on the calendar. So we have a game plan for every week, not just for this week. So good work. Yeah, we'll catch up tomorrow.
Mmh.
Sure, sure. Thank you, everyone. Thank you, Colin.
Surej, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you, everyone.
Except.
Deepak.
Thank you, everyone.
Bye.